----------------------September 19, 2013------------------------------------------------

Attendees:
Fliden Demiri ‎; Chih-Chi (Vincent) Hsu; Gloria Jensen‎‎; Elizabeth (Beth) Haines;  Mohammed (Imaad) Khan;  Fyodor Wolf; Samuel Tan
Chao-Te Yang‎ (out sick)

Minutes Taker: 
Gloria Jensen
Agenda Items:
Tools
Requirements
Presentation Preparation
Discussion:
Reviewed related site, Visimojoto, to discuss how the survey will work—will it have sample  templates?
Everyone is all set with tools!
Reviewed, discussed and updated requirements document including:
Related Projects for Reference
Project Description
Identify Users
Functionality & Authentication
Reporting Results
Localization (nice to do)
How do we identify unique users and prevent multiple submissions? Cookies and IP Session
Non-Functional Requirements
Split up work for completing the Requirements Document. Everyone will review.	

Action Items:
	Everyone to fill out Weekly Report (Due Friday)
Everyone do a commit on GitHub to become familiar with Git
Everyone create several (2 minimum) User Stories on Pivotal Tracker
Due Monday, 5pm: Complete Requirements Document (excluding Risk Management section)

Fliden to set up project on Pivotal Tracker
Fyodor to upload docs from Google Drive to GitHub (weekly)
Gloria to create logo for project
Gloria to start User Flow and Wireframes
Gloria to create presentation doc for Thursday’s group presentation
----------------------September 12, 2013------------------------------------------------
 
Attendees:
Fliden Demiri, ‎; Chih-Chi (Vincent) Hsu; Gloria Jensen‎; Chao-Te Yang‎;Elizabeth (Beth) Haines;  Mohammed (Imaad) Khan,  Fyodor Wolf, Samuel Tan
Minutes Taker: 
Beth Haines
Agenda Items:
Decide on a project
Assign roles
Set up future meeting times
Discussion:
We discussed four major possibilities for projects
A parking app using crowdsourcing to find available parking spaces
A picture/phonetic app for speech therapy
An online quiz app
A survey building tool
We settled on the survey building tool since it was easy to modularize, easy to extend if need be, and Fliden had some experience with this kind of project.
We sketched out some basic functional requirements, and decided on the framework (YII) and the language (PHP).  The group decided it was ok to use any IDE that seemed to work.
We also assigned roles.  Fyodor updated them on Google mail.  They were as follows:
	Project Leader – Fliden
	Backup project leader – Fyodor
	Environment and Integration Leader – Chao-Te
	Requirement Leader – Beth
	Design Leader – Gloria
	Implementation Leaders – Imaad and Vincent
	QA Leader – Sam
The group decided we would meet after class on Thursday nights.

Action Items:
	Fliden – set up a Google group so we can share documents
Fyodor – establish a GitHub repository, and send out directions about                                             installing Mamp or Wamp.
Beth – send out minutes and functional requirements for review
